1. asking about the control measure for aphid infestation in mustard crops
2. asking about the control measure of flower drop problem in his coconut plant
3. asking about how to avail kisan credit card loan for sali crop.
4. asking about source of early ahu rice variety
5. asking that he has not got proper friut from his coconut plant
6. asking about induced breeding of fishes
7. asking about training for preparation of biomanure
8. asking about treatment of low production of milk in cow
9. asking about the premature fruit dropping of coconut.
10. asking  about  preservatives  of  tomato squash.
11. asking about a pre emergence weedicide for rice
12. asking about the control measures for damping off infestation on biter gourd crops.
13. asking about culture of chitala along with carps.
14. asking about the suitable varieties for transplanted early ahu crops.
15. asking about the fym or compost requirement in blackgram crops/bigha
16. asking about availibility of quail  birds for commercial purpose
17. asking about the control measures to be taken on bacterial wilt in brinjal crops.
18. asking about an n.g.o which is doing watershed project
19. asking about the how to take control measures of flower and fruit dropping on aonla fruits trees
20. asking about with what chemical seed treatment of maize should be done against seed borne  diseases attack.
21. asking about precautionary measure for preventing disease of fish.
22. asking about the remedial measures for fruit droping problem in chayote crops.
23. asking about the sowing season of pumkin crops.
24. asking about the remedial measures of cutworm infestation in bittergourd crops.
25. asking about fertilizer dose of coconut ( 7 years old )
26. asked about koleroga disease of arecanut
27. asked about control of papaya leaf curl
28. asking about fertilizer dose and spacing of papaya.
29. asking for the fertiliser dose and its method of application of bottle gourd for a land of 1 bigha.
30. asked about control of beetle in ridge gourd
31. asked about control of khaira disease in rice
32. asking about age of castration in goat.
33. asking about some early variety of cauliflower
34. asked for the fertilizer dose of sali rice semi dwarf var
35. asking about treatment of caugh in goat.
36. asked about the suitable variety of brinjal for assam condition
37. asking about the package of practices for brinjal.
38. asking for the control measure of fruit rot in coconut.
39. asking about the post flood variety of paddy.
40. asking about kisan credit card.
41. asked about te controlmeasure of cutworm in bottle gourd
42. asking about the the remedial measures for browning of leaves tip in cucumber crops.
43. asking about the cultivation practice of potato.
44. asking about the control measure of control measure of downy mildew in pumkin.
45. asking about treatment of bloat.in cow.
46. asked about the cultivation practice of bitter gourd
47. asking about the fungal disease of pineapple
48. asking for the fertiser dose of french bean.
49. asking the control measure for bacterial wilt in potato.
50. asking the procedure of seed treatment in potato.
51. asking about some variety name of potato
52. asking about the seed treatment of potato.
53. asking about treatment of diarrhoea in cow.
54. asking that how to get crop loan from bank
55. asking about the recommended fertilizer dose for cabbage cultivation
56. asking about the recommended fertilizer dose for cabbage/bigha
57. asking about the control measure to control late blight disease infestation in potato
58. asking about the control measure to control late blight disease infestation in potato
59. asking for some good varieties of boro rice along with the time of planting which is best suited for his zone.
60. asking about the control measure of late blight of potato.
61. asking about the fertilizer dose of cauliflower.
62. asking the preventive measure against late blight disease of potato.
63. asking about the control measure of rotting becaouse of excess irrigation
64. asking about the control measure to control late blight disease of potato
65. asking for the control measure against leaf blight of coconut tree which is affecting his 5 numbers of coconut trees.
66. asking about some recommended planting materials of tea
67. asking the control measure of bacterial wilt in his potato cultivation.
68. asking about the control measure to control late blight disease infestation in potato cultivation.
69. asking about treatment of babesiosis of cow.
70. asking about the method to ripen the tomato fruit before normal harvest
71. asking the control measure against aphids and epilachna beetle which are destroying his potato cultivation.
72. asking about the fertilizer dose of beeter gourd.
73. asking about the recommended fertilizer dose of wheat.
74. asking about the control measure to control fruit rot disease of chilli
75. asking about the control measure to control fruit borer infestation in mango fruit.
76. asking about the recommended fertilizer dose for  bitter gourd.
77. asking the control measure against late blight of potato.
78. asking about the control measure to control fruit drop problem in coconut.
79. asking about the control measure to control wilting problem of tomato.
80. asking about the control measure to control fruit drop problem of coconut.
81. asking about the seed rate/bigha of cucumber.
82. asking about the market price/quintal for  tomato in his district.
83. asking about the control measure to control late blight disease infestation in potato.
84. asking about the control measure to control bacterial wilt disease of tomato.
85. asking the control measure against black spot disease in cabbage.
86. asking about the measurement required in preparation of vermicompost in tank.
87. asking about treatment of white diarrhoea of poultry.
88. asking about the control measure to control fruit borer pest infestation in tomato.
89. asking about treatment of diarrhoea in cow.
90. asking about treatment of wound in a cow.
91. asking informations about central institute of post harvest engineering and technology, ludhiana, punjab.
92. asking about treatment of white diarrhoea of poultry.
93. asking about treatment of bloat of a goat.
94. asking about the preventive measure against fruit borer of mango
95. asking about the control measure to control fruit rot disease of chiili.
96. telling that he wants to cultivate cucumber in a land of 2 bigha and for the same asking the process of cutivation practices.
97. asking about financial assitstance for dairy farming.
98. asking about the variety of rajma.
99. asking for the preservation method of potato tubers to be sown after 7-8 months.
100. asking about the age of castration in goat